NIAD-1329: support only MEDREPT message type (#154)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results: README.md

Adaptor downloads EDIFACT messages from MESH mailbox (`PATH_MEDRPT_V3` and `SCRN_BCS_MEDRPT_V4` MESH workflows) using MESH Client component and puts them on an internal `Inbound MESH Queue`. The Message Translator component fetches messages off the queue, translates the EDIFACT into FHIR format and puts the result onto the `Outbound GP Queue` where other GP Supplier apps can consume medical reports from.
In the end, if the EDIFACT Interchange Header has requested such, an NHSACK confirmation will be sent back to the laboratory MESH mailbox.

> The [Integration Adaptors Github repository](https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptors) contains an example deployment configuration into AWS infrastructure. For an EDIFACT messages with size less than 1MB, performance were executed on AWS Fargate with task memory (MiB)4096 and task CPU (unit)1024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Integration Adaptors Github repository](https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptors) contains an example deployment configuration into AWS infrastructure. For EDIFACT messages with size less than 1 MB, performance tests were executed on AWS Fargate with task memory (MiB)4096 and task CPU (unit)1024.
```

> It is recommended to have more than 1 instance of the adaptor running in a cluster for failover purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to have more than 1 instance of the adaptor running in a cluster for failover purposes.
```
or
```suggestion
It is recommended to have more than 1 instance of the adaptor running in a cluster for failover.
```
